want to know what's heating up theaters
this weekend action Bruce Lee's legend
comes alive in birth of the Dragon their
technique is impressive fight me except
I'll challenge in All Saints a new
pastor teams up with new refugees to
build their future together we are not
where we started we're somewhere
completely new I'm gonna be everything I
want to be
we're in leap an orphan girl leaves her
French village for Paris with dreams of
becoming a prima ballerina
see what's hot in theatres with this
week's fan tissa patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]